Integrate contracts v2.2.0 (#1845)
oceanprotocol/ocean.js: README.md

npm run test:integration:cover
```

### Sapphire Integration Tests

> Currently, there is used Oasis Sapphire Test network, please export the `PRIVATE_KEY` before testing.

Reviewer: This is worded poorly, I think what you are trying to say is: 

```suggestion
We are currently using the live Oasis Sapphire Test network for the integration tests. Please export the `PRIVATE_KEY` before running the tests.
```
